check first and use mqtt {retain, qos} properties from command in command execution (#507)
telefonicaid/iotagent-json: docs/usermanual.md

-   Commands can be also retrieved without needed of sending a mesaure. In other words, the device is not forced to send
    a measure in order to get the accumulated commands. However, in this case note that `GET` method is used to carry
    the `getCmd=1` query parameter (as they are no actual payload for measures, `POST` wouldn't make too much sense).

> -   MQTT devices can configured (at provisioning and updating time) each command with different values of MQTT QoS and MQTT retain values, whih will be used only by a command. More over, in the same MQTT device different commands can be configured to use different MQTT options related with QoS level and Retain message policy. I.E:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   MQTT devices can configure (at provisioning and updating time) each command with different values of MQTT QoS and MQTT retain values, which will be used only by a command. Moreover, in the same MQTT device different commands can be configured to use different MQTT options related with QoS level and Retain message policy. I.E:
```
